Silvia, segmentation at the end of
the day, the goal of segmentation
is that it allows you to understand
your customers very well, but if it
does not go in line with your product,
your proposal to value, the channels
through which you arrive, the
messages, that is, if you do not
adapt to segmentation because
it does not serve you for
anything.
And I know that you have an
example that you did it halfway
or didn’t get enough to adapt
and eventually everything failed.
Evidently, in the end this is a subject,
I think in the end the key
to success is a practice of coherence.
It has to be consistent with everything
you do both at the level of
product and communication, as well
as distribution, etc.
And the practical case you comment on is
a case of a product we launched before,
I don’t remember right now, because
I don’t know if 10 years or 12 years,
that was called ILOVU.
Our goal, once again from the
point of view of the Now we
want to get into the young people,
who do not want to buy us.
In the end, what you are seeing
is more what your needs with brands
are, you are not really thinking
what is what the consumer
is demanding or will want
to demand you.
In this particular case, the brand
said it needed to rejuvenate,
so what do we think we
should do?
We are going to launch a new
product for young people.
Then we launched Ilovo.
The name was young, the
communication was more or less
young, the design was more or less
young, but neither the price,
nor even the format is really adapted
to that younger audience and
of course the distribution.
We kept both communication and distribution,
as well as what I commented
now, as the formats, as
the rest of our products
from the rest of the portfolio.
Then at the end we realized that
we were offering a product
for people probably, that we were
looking for the 18 or 20 years,
because also at that time we were
still seeing the topic of we
were still inventing by age, younger
people in a distribution
that is used to buying people
because that from the 40,
with which...
They are the same selling points you
used for, probably along with
the other product of your whole
life, right?
Of course, then you are going
only older people or people
of course who are not adapted to
that type of product, selling
in addition to a price that was
not the right for that type of
product with a communication
that was still the most classic
and using the same supports
we were using.
What are your media advertising?
Is it the case with television and things
like that?
Exactly the same.
You don’t have to do digital
marketing.
No, not no
You have adapted nothing.
We adapt absolutely nothing.
It was phenomenal, wasn’t it?
It was so for us.
and disastrous.
No, but at the end of those good experiences,
of those bad experiences, I
think that at the end of that
is very good because the
learning is much better.
If in this course learning is very clear
that good several because you have
introduced one.
First, what you did is not that
there was a customer segment,
not what you wanted to create
it because you wanted to
rejuvenate the brand, right?
A little behind the customer, right?
in this case.
Yes yes.
That is, whether the studies or
people were telling you what the
brand had to rejuvenate with which
if or if we had to launch a
product that somehow rejuvenated
what we had.
And then what happens is that no, the
non-cadence you did not adapt or
the sufficient value proposal the
formats, the formats are the sizes,
right?
You did not adapt the
sizes, you adapted the name,
the name mola.
You did not adapt the channels
through which you reached those
customers that could perfectly
be because that for digital channels,
direct sales etc. and you
do not adapt the communications.
Then apart is true that clear at
those times the ignorance
there were no studies in any way
with which you wanted to go to
a young audience that you had more
or less a notion that it
really is what you were looking
for but you really didn’t know
what they were wanting, right?
With which you were giving a little
blind palos and tried to do an event
in a party room, a club or you know
but you were really doing
things that if you saw that you
had no return immediately because
like that I stopped doing when
at best if I had had a continuity
because at best it would
have worked but you did not have
that information that would really
allow you to adapt to that
audience because you didn’
t know it well.